So this is, yeah, we didn't like this.
What we want to do in this case is we
want to basically use some of those
new operators we learned about,
takeUntil and skipUntil.
Again, this still won't be totally
perfect yet, well, spoiler alert,
we'll have a single-use
timer by the end of this.
But again, it'll be our first
foray into kind of starting to
combine different observables together.
So, we have the start and the pause.
What we really wanna do
is create this counter.
Observable.
Or you name it whatever you want.
I'm gonna name it counter,
which is that interval,
in this case of 1,000 milliseconds,
and then now we have access to pipe.
And what we could do in this case is,
we could say that we want
to skipUntil, and
one things you have to remember to do is,
theoretically, you can
import them from rxjs.
But if you care about your bundle size,
what you wanna do is,
if any of the operators
live in rxjs/operators,
skipUntil, we know we're
gonna need takeUntil,
From rxjs/operators.
All right, so we'll skipUntil,
we get any kind of event that
emits from the Start button, and
we'll take them until we pause, until
we get any event from the Pause button.
Again, this will be a single-use counter,
we're gonna work on improving that.
So we'll skipUntil, and
then once that happens,
we will then takeUntil the Pause button.
And we're gonna see one little
bug that we have with this.
One is that we're gonna need to subscribe.
And we'll do that set count.
So we have our interval where we will,
Mark?
>> Is takeUntil operator the best
approach for management of subscriptions?
>> It depends, right?
I'm gonna argue with no, right?
Cuz we have a better way
that we're gonna get to,
we just don't have all the tools yet,
right?
To switch in between
different subscriptions.
It's interesting cuz it'll give you
a time where a given thing should stop.
One of the disadvantages of takeUntil
is that, then it's complete, right?
Once you hit the emission that gets
you to takeUntil, you're done, right?
This observable has completed, and
once an observable is completed as we
saw previously,
it shall never start back up again, right?
You have to replace it with
a brand new one, yeah.
>> Is this, I remember some talking
about conditions of hot versus cold,
[INAUDIBLE], is this related?
>> Exactly, right?
This is one, effectively this interval
observable is single use, right?
And it starts up when it gets
its first subscription, right?
Each subscription gets
a unique version of it.
And when it completes,
that subscription is over, right?
If a new one subscribes it starts
over from the very beginning.
There's this idea of a hot observable,
which is just going, and keeping track of
the many subscribers, and will only stop
once everyone has unsubscribed from it.
But here we have just kind of a simple
one where takeUntil will end this
observable in this case.
So let's flip over, and try it out.
You see it start at 2 which is weird.
Forget fast enough, it'll start at 1.
We'll refresh and I talk for a few
minutes, and I kill a little bit time.
See, it starts at 5, right?
That's interesting.
Anyone have a hypothesis why?
>> We're starting the generator
as soon as the code starts.
>> Yeah, exactly.
It's the intervals are ticking along,
right?
We're not dealing with them,
we're not letting them through the pipe
until that first event happens, right?
But they're going, right?
So we need to figure out
a way that we're in control,
cuz intervals will pop out
values one at a time, right?
But what we could do is stay right
where we could maintain our own state.
So we have a hypothesis and
how will we do that?
>> Bring out the, [INAUDIBLE] of that
interval up here where it's encapsulated.
>> Maybe,
what do we do when we're maintaining
state in those tests from before?
>> We can scan.
>> Using scan, right?
Scan is super useful for
that as well, so we can pull in scan.
And we'll say scan, at which point
it will start with a value of 0.
And we'll take the total, and really,
we'll just do total plus one.
We don't actually care
what interval had to say,
we just know that we're gonna ignore
everything until we hit the Start button.
We're start with a value of 0,
and we'll increment by 1.
So missed that comma there, and
now we should be able to go back.
And even if I can pause, I can refresh.
I can talk to you all for
a little bit, and
kill at least one second worth of time.
And we still start at 1, right?
So scan is useful for
maintaining that state because yeah,
interval is popping out these numbers.
We're always starting with zero, and
only the ones that get to scan
are gonna increment that zero at all.
Now we can't start this one back up again,
cuz again, we haven't subscribed.
What we're eventually gonna wanna do is,
let's start and stop.
Basically, change channels between
the incrementing and silence, right?
And so, cool, you want more values faster,
we'll go to that stream.
You wanna hear nothing cuz we're paused?
We can go there as well.
But we've got the state separated out,
so we're getting there,
we just need just a little bit more.